Update determinism.md (#862)
temporalio/documentation: docs/typescript/determinism.md

- When we need to defer execution (such as for a timer or activity), we simply destroy the `vm` context.
- When we need to continue execution, Temporal Server sends over the Event History and we replay through the code from the start until the end to restore state.
  - The serialization takes time, which is why we recommend keeping Event History [under 10,000 events](/docs/server/production-deployment/#server-limits). ["Sticky" optimizations exist to make this faster for common situations](https://docs.temporal.io/docs/concepts/task-queues/#sticky-queues).

>   - If the execution logic has changed enough to affect Event History, you will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - If the execution logic has changed enough to affect Event History, you need to [patch new code](/docs/typescript/patching).
```

>     need to [patch new code](/docs/typescript/patching).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
